instructions for applying template to an existing package (#243)
NLeSC/python-template: ADD_TO_EXISTING_PACKAGE.md

# Add your existing code to directory generated by the NLeSC Python template

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The following steps require you existing code to be in a GitHub repository already.

```

1. Follow the [instructions to create a new package](https://github.com/NLeSC/python-template#how-to-use) with the Python template, while answering the questions like you would for the existing package.

> 2. Create a Git structure for the new directory: (replace the capitalized name by your own)
> ```shell
> $ cd NEW_DIRECTORY

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a Git structure for the new directory: (replace  `<NEW_DIRECTORY>` with directory name you used during cookiecutter questionnaire)
```shell
$ cd <NEW_DIRECTORY>
```

$ git init
$ git add --all

> $ git commit -m "first commit"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ git commit -m "Added code generated by `cookiecutter https://github.com/NLeSC/python-template`"
```

$ git branch -M main
```

> 3. Import the existing repository from Github (Replace `<ORGANIZATION>` with your GitHub organization name , `REPOSITORY` with your GitHub repository name and `<BRANCH>` with your default branch for example `main` or `master`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Import the existing repository from Github (Replace `<ORGANIZATION>` with your GitHub organization name , `<REPOSITORY>` with your GitHub repository name and `<BRANCH>` with your default branch for example `main` or `master`):
```

```shell
$ git remote add -f existing_code https://github.com/<ORGANIZATION>/<REPOSITORY>
$ git fetch existing_code
$ git merge existing_code/<BRANCH> --allow-unrelated-histories
```

4. The previous step will likely result in several merge conflicts. Solve the conflicts by editing the files.
5. Add all the files to GitHub:
```shell
$ git add --all

> $ git commit -m "Merged existing code with code generated by `cookiecutter https://github.com/NLeSC/python-template`"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ git commit -m "Merged existing code with code generated by cookiecutter"
```

> # Add your existing code to package generated by the NLeSC Python template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Add your existing code to directory generated by the NLeSC Python template
```

> The following steps require you existing code to be in a GitHub repository already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps requires that your existing code is in a GitHub repository.
```

> 1. Follow the [instrcutions to create a new package](https://github.com/NLeSC/python-template#how-to-use) with the Python template, while answering the questions like you would for the existing package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Follow the [instrcutions to create a new package](https://github.com/NLeSC/python-template#how-to-use) with the Python template, while answering the questions like you would for the existing package.
```
```suggestion
1. Follow the [instructions to create a new package](https://github.com/NLeSC/python-template#how-to-use) with the Python template, while answering the questions like you would for the existing package.
```

> 2. Create a Git structure for the new package: (replace the capitalized name by your own)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a Git structure for the new directory: (replace the capitalized name by your own)
```

```shell

> $ cd NEW_PACKAGE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ cd NEW_DIRECTORY
```

$ git init
$ git add --all
$ git commit -m "first commit"
$ git branch -M main
```

> 3. Import the existing package from Github:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Import the existing repository from Github:
```

```shell

> $ git remote add -f EXISTING_PACKAGE https://github.com/ORGANIZATION/EXISTING_PACKAGE
> $ git merge EXISTING_PACKAGE/main --allow-unrelated-histories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ git remote add -f existing_code https://github.com/<ORGANIZATION>/<EXISTING_PACKAGE>
$ git fetch existing_code
$ git merge existing_code/main --allow-unrelated-histories
```

```

> 4. The previous step will likely result in several merge conflicts. Solve the conflicts by editing the files and add the files to  Git:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The previous step will likely result in several merge conflicts. Solve the conflicts by editing the files and add the files to Git:
```

```shell

> $ EDITOR CONFLICT_FILES

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> $ git add --all

Reviewer: $ git commit -m "Merged existing code with code generated by `cookiecutter https://github.com/NLeSC/python-template`"

```

> 5. Push the new repository to Github:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Push changes to the existing repository to Github:
```

> 5. Push the new repository to Github:
> ```shell
> $ git remote add origin https://github.com/ORGANIZATION/EXISTING_PACKAGE
> $ git push
> ```

Reviewer: Replaced with other step 5
```suggestion
```

> 5. Add all the files to GitHub:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Once all conflicts have been resolved then add all the files to GitHub:
```

# Add your existing code to package generated by the NLeSC Python template

1. Follow the instrcutions to create a new package. You can find the instructions [here](https://github.com/NLeSC/python-template#how-to-use).

> 2. Examine the new package to check if it contains files that are already present in you existing package. In our case we found four files: `README.md`, `LICENSE`, `.gitignore` and `CITATION.cff`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Examine the new package to check if it contains files that are already present in you existing package.`
```

> # Add to existing package

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Add your existing code to package generated by the NLeSC Python template
```

> Here are instructions for using the Python template for an existing package

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> ## Instructions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 1. Apply the `cookiecutter` to the Python template to create a new package with the same name in temporary directory. Answer all questions like you would do for the existing package.
> ```shell
> $ cd /tmp
> $ cookiecutter https://github.com/NLeSC/python-template
> package_name [my_python_package]: new_package
> project_name [new_package]: new_package
> ...
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Follow the instrcutions to create a new package. You can find the instructions [here](https://github.com/NLeSC/python-template#how-to-use).
```
